Good master
You guys are just ganging up on me, right?
Oh what a joke
What reputation do I have in this circle?
Is that really necessary?
Yang Min, you don't deny it, do you?
The words of the mouth have arrived
If you dare not
Can I ask someone else to help you?
What lady
Let me help him.
Help him eat
Stinky dick just told you to get out, but you don't get out
Now you be obedient
Eat these broken pieces of glass for me
Then as agreed
The dog barked and crawled out of here
Collude with the instrument to mess with me
If you have the ability, let's find an outside expert
Let's see if this thing is an old object.
Che Qian Lao is an expert in this antique street
He could be wrong.
Don't you just want to admit it?
You can skip this glass.
As long as you get under my crotch
And climb into the street
Learn to bark for an hour
I'll let you go
Stinky dick, don't hurry up and kneel down
Thank you Miss Wu for your kindness
It's better to bark like a dog than to wear a rotten belly
Okay, what are you doing?
We're all civilized people.
Don't be so vulgar
So be it.
I bought this sewing box for 10 bucks
It's no more than 10 yuan.
Miss Wu, it's not less than 10 yuan for me to go down the steps.
Your agreement with Miss Wu?
Forget it, what do you think?
Hum Yang Min
Now money always makes peace
I don't care about you
Money old boy
For this thing
There is no need to borrow blood and spend 10 yuan to buy the lesson
Is it worth it?
Oh, I see.
Did you get the idea for this sewing box?